Updating documentation link (#693)
SciML/DiffEqDocs.jl: README.md

[![ColPrac: Contributor's Guide on Collaborative Practices for Community Packages](https://img.shields.io/badge/ColPrac-Contributor%27s%20Guide-blueviolet)](https://github.com/SciML/ColPrac)
[![SciML Code Style](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=code%20style&message=SciML&color=9558b2&labelColor=389826)](https://github.com/SciML/SciMLStyle)

> DiffEqDocs.jl is a component package in the DifferentialEquations ecosystem. It holds [the documentation for the common user interface](http://docs.sciml.ai). Users interested in using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DiffEqDocs.jl is a component package in the DifferentialEquations ecosystem. It holds [the documentation for the common user interface](https://docs.sciml.ai/DiffEqDocs/stable/). Users interested in using
```
